This folder contains tons of stuff.  The folder (www) should be merged with your /var/ folder, and httpd.conf or whatever you're using should be set up to point to inventory.html, admin.php, and hud.html accordingly

This project contains the HTML/css/js frontend, the php backend, images/resources etc, and all the secureinclude files.

CHANGELOG:
3.05

Made flurry of initial updates to inventory system:
added themes
added animations
changed colors
added 'forgot password' functionality
rewrote auth to accept password keys
added pwdreset backend (project now requires a refactor)
fixed some locking buttons
added serial checking from frontend to prevent duplicate serials
added 'restart' button to start over
added ability to stay logged in after a transaction
and more!  probably.  I can't remember all of it.


3.1
Added ability to track toasters
Added serial admin frontend
Rewrote auth to allow cookies to individual users
Rewrote auth to create expiry for cookies
Rewrote admin page to redirect on failed auth
Added Reporter (!!)

3.11
Updated admin frontend to ignore spaces in tracking numbers
Updated hud and admin to allow users to set 'ordered' flag, which will turn hud thresholdTable rows green.
Added a 'loading' animation to reporter
Disabled multiclicking the 'generate' button in reporter to prevent search overload
Added 3 minute timeout to the inventory 'more transactions' dialog
Fixed contenteditable highlighting in chrome

3.12
Updated calendar.php
Updated php api to work with elasticsearch 5.x
Updated auth to work with elasticsearch 5.x
Updated reporter.js to work with elasticsearch 5.x

3.2
Added auditor.html RC1
Updated admin, inventory to work with audit information

3.3
Added framework for EC stuff
Includes massive changes to the way amounts/thresholds work, how all the data is read.  Affects auditor, inventory, admin, hud, and the api.  Probably breaks reporter.

3.35
Created and implemented bettersort in admin.php/admin.js/admin.css
Stuff is getting very hacky.  It might be wise to refactor admin.js shortly.
